{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg10000\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri{\*\falt Arial};}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Cambria{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri{\*\falt Arial};}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Cambria{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7434251\rsid12340952}{\mmathPr\mmathFont0\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef0\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mwrapRight0\mintLim0\mnaryLim0}{\info{\operator Chris Crawford}{\creatim\yr2013\mo8\dy23\hr11\min44}{\revtim\yr2013\mo8\dy23\hr11\min44}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords4052}{\nofchars23101}{\nofcharsws28369}{\vern33165}{\*\saveprevpict}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect \ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale150\rsidroot7434251 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid7434251\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 Game Instructions\par \par Hard Disk Installation\par \tab The Siboot game disk is not copy-protected.  You may put the game onto your hard disk for your own use, but if you do so, you must preserve the folder structure used on the original disk.  All of the files/folders on the original disk must be in the same outer folder on your hard disk.  The easiest way to do this is to create a new folder on your hard disk called }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 SibootFolder}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  and then copy everything on the original disk (except the System Folder) into the SibootFolder.\par \tab We have tested the game under these circumstances and confirmed that it is well-behaved.  But if you deviate from the simple procedure cited above, the program may fail and damage the data on your hard disk.  Do not delete any of the files on the original disk.  Do not edit or otherwise modify any of them.  Do not change the names of any of the files or folders.  \par \par \par Situation\par \tab You are Vetvel, one of seven acolytes on Kira, a moon of the planet Lamina.  Lamina is populated by seven intelligent species, who have spent most of their histories in strife.  The tiny colony on Kira was founded as a political experiment to demonstrate the ability of suitably inclined Laminans of different species to live in harmony.  The experiment came too late; Lamina fought a limited nuclear war, shattering its civilization and leaving the colonists on Kira stranded.  Under the leadership of a remarkable person named Siboot, the Kirans founded a new civilization based on the development of telepathic powers and a universal telepathic language called eeyal.  From their position on Kira, they beamed radio messages to the home planet, proselytizing their philosophy/religion.  Under this influence, Lamina successfully re-civilized itself, coming to accept Kira as the spiritual center of their civilization and the leader of Kira, called the Shepherd, as their spiritual leader.\par \tab One hundred and thirty five years have passed since the nuclear war; there have been four Shepherds.  Now Feslym, the fourth Shepherd, has died, and the time has come to replace him.  The Shepherdship will be awarded to the first acolyte who garners eight auras of each of the three types: tanaga, katsin, and shial.  Auras are a mental property associated with telepathy, and they confer upon their owner greater telepathic powers.  Each acolyte has, by dint of much training, built up a goodly set of auras.  But now the acolytes will engage in mental combat to acquire the remaining auras each needs to attain the perfect 8-8-8 set and become Shepherd.\par \par Mental combat\par \tab Mental combat is fought at night, while you sleep.  Your spirit travels into the Land of the Auras, there encountering the spirits of other acolytes.  During an encounter, you wrap yourself in one of your auras, as does your opponent.  A tanaga aura will defeat a katsin aura, a katsin aura will defeat a shial aura, and a shial aura will defeat a tanaga aura.  Two auras of the same type stand off without a victor.  The victor in mental combat gets to keep the aura of the loser.\par \tab Players will normally try to play those auras that will win them the auras of which they have the greatest shortage.  The trick to mental combat, then, is to learn how many auras your potential opponents have; if you have this information, you can readily anticipate what aura they will use in combat and counter it with the proper aura.  Discovering what auras people have is the outermost challenge of the game.\par \par \par Deals\par \tab You spend most of your time during the day scurrying about trying to gather the information you need.  Each morning, you awaken with a single item of information about each of the other acolytes.  An item of information is called an }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 aura-count}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 ; it is the number of auras of a single type (tanaga, katsin, or shial) that an acolyte possesses.  Each morning, you know one aura-count for each acolyte.  You need to know all three to reliably predict their behavior.\par \tab Other acolytes know the other aura-counts.  You can make deals with them, revealing your information about a person in return for their revealing their information.  Getting them to accept your deals is a large part of the challenge of the game.  Revealing somebody}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s aura-count to another person is considered to be an act of betrayal; should the victim of the betrayal discover the act, he will be angry with his betrayer.  Thus, you must be careful not to betray your friends.  More important, you must carefully choose the people with whom you make deals.  An untrustworthy person might just run to your victim and tell the victim what you have done, damaging your relationship with that person and enhancing his own.  There is also the simple issue of friendship \u209\'84 sometimes you will make a deal with a friend whom you do not fully trust, but whose goodwill you want to retain.\par \par Betraying deals\par \tab Another form of betrayal is telling people about the betrayal that a third person has committed.  This occurs when Person A tells Person B that a Person C betrayed Person D.  This form of betrayal is considered to be just as bad as the deal-betrayal.\par \par Dialogues\par \tab The central problems you have, then, involve your relationship with the other characters.  Whom can you trust?  How do you get them to trust you?  If you betray somebody often, word is bound to get back to him and he will lose his trust in you.  But there are other ways to develop your relationship with people: your conversations with them.  Whenever you encounter another character, you can carry on a dialogue with that person.  Some of that dialogue is very businesslike in style: making deals, asking questions, and so on.  But there is also an emotional component to the dialogues that can be very important.  You can express your feelings towards the person.  These things can influence the tone of the dialogue and make your friend more inclined to trust, like, or fear you.\par \par Promises\par \tab You can try to win a character}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s trust or friendship by making promises.  There are two types of promises: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 promise no attack}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  and }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 promise no betray}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 .  If you make the first promise to a person, you are guaranteeing that you will not attack that person during the upcoming night.  Note that the promise expires at dawn; you could still attack the person on any following night.  This is still of value to both of you; it earns some friendship and it also encourages the other person not to bother garnering information about you (the need for it is lessened).  If you renege on a promise, the person will be angry with you and will trust you less.\par \tab The other form of promise is more complicated.  If you promise somebody that you won}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t betray them, you are guaranteeing that you have not and will not betray them during the day on which you made the promise.  The good news, then, is that the promise expires at dawn the next day; you can betray them afterwards without violating your promise.  The bad news is that the promise is retroactive: you must not have betrayed the person at any time during the same day that you make the promise, regardless of whether it was sooner or later.  Such a promise will increase a person}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s trust in you, but if you violate the promise, they will lose more trust in you.\par \par Eeyal\par \tab The dialogues, and indeed the entire play of the game, is carried out in eeyal, the telepathic language of Kira.  A single word of eeyal is represented by an icon; if you want to know what any icon means, just click down on that icon and a quick-and-dirty translation will appear.  The screen is divided into five parts:\par \par The box on the far left contains the icon-words that are available for you to say.  Think of it as a graphical menu.  The top middle box contains various control boxes that let you edit the sentences you build.  It also contains status information such as the date and time, where you are, and whom you are with.  The lower middle box shows your relationship with that person.  The top right box shows the sentence you have entered so far, and the bottom right box shows the sentence that somebody is saying back to you.\par \tab You choose an icon-word from the box on the left by moving the mouse to it, clicking, and releasing.  If you just want to know what one of these icons means, click and hold over the icon; it will translate.  If you don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t want to choose that icon, slide the mouse away from the icon before releasing the mouse button.  When you have selected a word, it will be added to the sentence that you are building in the upper right box.  The computer always fills in the first word of the sentence for you (Vetvel), because it is the subject of the sentence and YOU are Vetvel.  Now suppose, for example, that I selected the first icon in the left box, which means }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 go to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 .  Then the screen would look like this:\par \par Note how the verb }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 go to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  has been placed after the subject.  Note also that there is now a new set of icons in the box on the left.  These icons are the possible places to which I could go.  To declare where I am going, I select one of these icons.  Finally, note that the little box labelled }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 Back Space}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  is now activated.  This means that I can backspace an icon, just like the Backspace key on a keyboard, only it will cause me to backspace an entire icon.  Suppose that I select the third icon.  Then I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 ll get a screen looking like this:\par \par This box on the right shows the completed sentence: Vetvel go to Wiki house.  It also adds two new commands into the little box in the upper center.  One of these, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 Do It}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 , will cause that sentence to execute.  The other, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 Cancel}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 , is a big version of Backspace; it erases the entire sentence and allows me to start all over.\par \tab Eeyal is a language unlike any you have ever used.  While it is in many ways very primitive, it has a special characteristic unknown in regular languages: since you speak directly from your mind, you cannot lie or otherwise mis-speak yourself in eeyal.  It won}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t let you.  The only words you can ever speak are words that make sense, and are true and proper.  For example, you cannot offer somebody a deal in which you would be giving them information they already know; they wouldn}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t gain anything from such a deal, so there}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s no point in even offering it.  In effect, eeyal takes care of the rules of the game for you.  If you can say it, it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s fair to say; if you can}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t say it, there}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s a good reason why you can}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t.\par \tab To help explain eeyal, there is a little narration box that pops up every time you do something; it explains what is happening in plain English.  After a while, you will tire of this narration; you can turn it off from the OPTIONS menu.\par \par Dialogue Information\par \tab When you enter into a dialogue with a person, the screen changes to show more information about that person:\par \par The bar graphs are meant to indicate your relationship with that person (how he or she feels about you) in terms of his fear, trust, and love for you.  The face indicates the general emotional tone of the last comment made by your partner.  If you have uncertainties about any of these terms, just click on the graphic in question and it will explain itself.\par \par Game Menu \par \tab This menu has three items: Quit Game, Load Game, and Save Game.  Quit Game will terminate play without saving it; you are given an alert box to warn you and give you one chance to abort this precipitous decision.  Load Game is almost as dangerous: it will load an old game over the current one, destroying the current game-in-progress.  Save Game will save the current game, allowing you to quit and later return to the game.\par \par Options Menu\par \tab The Options menu allows you set several minor parameters.  The first is the playing of the sound during combat.  You can turn it on or off.  The second is the appearance of narration; you can turn it on or off.  The third option uses three menu items and sets the speed of some of the displays.  The Long Delay option sets a long delay for some displays; the Short Delay option has a shorter display delay; and the No Delay insures that there are no unnecessary delays.\par \par Character Menu\par \tab The first item on the Characters menu displays your current knowledge of the other characters in the game; you will consult this frequently before entering combat.  When you select this item, you will see a screen that looks like this:\par \par This screen tells you that Vetvel is waiting outside Gardbore}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s house, has seven tanagas, eight katsins, and seven shials.  Most of the other characters are going to other places, but Locksher is home.  The question marks indicate an unknown quantity of aura.\par \tab The other items on this menu present information on each of the characters.  They show the picture of the character and give a personality sketch of the character.  It also gives a quick rundown on how the characters feel about each other; this information changes during the course of the game, but this display}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s information is always current.\par \par RECALL TODAY menu\par \tab This menu has but a single item that will give you a quick summary of promises and betrayals made today.  Consult it to find out what promises you have made, so that you don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t forget and break a promise.  It will also remind you about any betrayals you have made, or have been made against you.\par \par OPTIONS screen\par \tab The OPTIONS display appears at the beginning of the game and allows you to declare what kind of game you will play.  There are two choices for you to make: how difficult the game will be and how long to play.  The OPTIONS screen looks like this:\par \par \par If you choose the Easy difficulty level, then everybody will think that you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 re wonderful and the game will go swimmingly.  The characters will behave in a more exaggerated fashion;  they will react to good things with great joy and bad things with fury.  Their behavior in combat is simple and easy to predict if you know their aura-counts.\par \tab In the Medium difficulty level, things are much like the Beginner level, only not so exaggerated.  The characters will still like you and trust you and fear you, but not so much as in the Beginner level.  They will plan their combat moves in the same manner.  Their reactions to your behavior will be less exaggerated than in the Beginner level.\par \tab In the Hard difficulty level, they will treat you like normal \u209\'84 there is no emotional boost in your favor.  Their reactions to your behavior will be more subtle than in the other levels.  The biggest change is in their behavior in combat.  The other characters will take into consideration what they know about your aura counts in choosing an aura for combat.  Thus, in the Easy and Medium difficulty levels, you need only consider the aura counts of your opponents, knowing with confidence what they will do in most cases, but in the Hard difficulty level you must guess their behavior based on what they might know about you.\par  \tab The Length of Game choice determines how many auras you start the game with.  For a short game, you and the other characters will all start just a few auras shy of the 8-8-8 combination needed to win.  It won}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t take much time for somebody to win.  In the long game, you start with very few auras and will need to go for a long time to win.\par \par Random Events\par \tab These are strange occurrences that pop up during the course of the game.  The computer will tell you a story and present you with four options in the lower portion of the screen.  Select the appropriate option by clicking on it with the mouse, and click on the box marked }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 Done}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  when you are satisfied with your decision.  If the story is long, it may occupy several screens; in this case, you can use the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 Next Page}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  and }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 Previous Page}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  boxes to step through the story.\par \par A Typical Day\par \tab You will normally start the day by visiting one of your friends.  Skordokott and Wiki are good candidates, or perhaps Kendra.  Let}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s say that you visit Skordokott.  After a few pleasantries, you can plunge right into dealmaking, because Skordokott is a friend of yours.  It}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s best to offer him a deal betraying somebody he doesn}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t like; Zubi is often a good choice here.  If at first he doesn}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t respond to your offer, perhaps an appeal to his friendship (by begging) will help.  Once you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 ve broken the ice with your first deal, you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 ll find him more amenable to dealmaking.  It might also help to promise him that you won}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t attack or betray him.  After all, Skordokott is your best friend, and you would never attack or betray him anyway, so why not make the promise?  It can only cement the bond between you.  You can trust Skordokott to keep your deals secret, so make almost any deal you can with him.\par \tab After a while you will have made all the deals possible with Skordokott, so you say goodbye and head for another house.  Perhaps Wiki would be a good choice, or maybe Kendra.  These people are moderately friendly, but you will have to be more careful with them.  You must break the ice more carefully, perhaps trading information on other betrayals, but don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t betray Skordokott!  \par \tab After you have talked with all three of these people, you will probably have a good set of information about other people}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s auras.  You might have enough to call it a day and just head home.  Perhaps you need more.  If so, head for one of the three characters you have not yet spoken with.  None of them are very sympathetic to you, but if you are careful, persuasive, intimidating, or otherwise right on the mark you MIGHT be able to swing a deal or two.  It may take some extended discussion to warm them up, though.\par \tab Eventually you head home.  Now you just wait for nightfall with the WAIT word.  Perhaps somebody will come to visit you.  Remember that it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s not nice for a host to kick out a guest.  Humor your guest and try to make the dialogue as productive as possible.  Eventually he or she will leave.\par \tab Now night is falling and it is time to plan your all-important attack.  Consult the All Characters display and see who has what.  Decide what you are most in need of and then find somebody who has an excess of that aura, and will likely use it in combat.  It may be that the best person to attack is a friend of yours.  If so, you must then make a difficult decision:  do you attack a friend, or accept a less-desirable attack on somebody else?\par \tab You must also be prepared for somebody to attack you.  This will happen after your own attack.  If somebody does come to attack you, you will be shown what their aura-counts are, and you will have to guess the best defense against them.\par \par How to Win\par \tab The first skill you must learn is predicting another person}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s behavior in combat.  This is not too difficult.  In general, you always want to try to win an aura that you have the greatest shortage of, and you want to fight with (and therefore risk losing) an aura that you have a large quantity of.  Other people will do the same.  For example, here is an extremely simple situation:  suppose that you have 6 tanagas, 8 katsins, and 1 shial, while Kendra has 1 tanaga, 6 katsins, and 8 shials.  You want to win a shial, so you will want to play one of your katsins, which is perfect, because you are highest in katsin anyway.  Kendra is lowest in tanaga, so she will want to win a tanaga, so she will want to play one of her shials.  Thus, her best move plays right into the hands of your best move.  That}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s the kind of situation that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s easy to figure out.  The worst situation arises when Kendra has, say, seven of each aura; then you have no way of knowing what she}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 ll do.\par \tab Here}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s a tougher example:  You have 6 tanagas, 7 katsins, and 8 shials.  Kendra has 6 tanagas, 7 katsins, and 6 shials.  What do you play against Kendra?  You}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 d like to play your shial in the hope of winning a tanaga.  But in this case that would be unwise.  Kendra will play her katsin to win a shial, because she is strongest in katsin.  If you play your shial against her katsin, you will lose.  Your best bet is to play your tanaga, even though that is what you are weakest in.  Why?  Because you know\u202\'e6 that Kendra will use her katsin.  Even if it were an expert level game, Kendra would play her katsin because she would think that you would do the obvious thing and use your shial.\par \tab It is important to remember that there are two levels of indirection here: first, you must figure what your opponent will attack with, then you must figure what you need to use to beat that.  Thus, you must step back two steps from the aura that your opponent is weakest in.  For example, if your opponent is weakest in katsin, then he will probably use tanaga, and so you must use shial.\par \tab Remember that the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 Hard}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  difficulty level game allows the other characters to anticipate your combat decisions based on what they know about your aura-counts.  If you are smart enough to plan your move based on what you know about other characters, they too can be smart enough to do the same.  The problem is, you don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t know how much they know.  The best way to deal with this is to try to prevent them from finding out your aura-counts.  If you are well-liked and feared, you are safer.\par \tab The game is won or lost in dialogues.  You must comport yourself carefully in these, using tact, bluster, friendliness, or whatever is appropriate to the situation.\par \tab The only solid advantage you can get in the game comes from learning as much as possible about the other characters.  This in turn hinges on your ability to cope with them as people.  This is where the game becomes an un-strategy game.  The characters in this game have distinct personalities.  You can}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t outthink them.  You can appeal to their sympathies, or try to intimidate them, or treat them with great respect or disdain.  Different characters respond differently.  You must rely not only on your analytic skills but also on your intuition and your social skills.\par \par \par A Dictionary of Eeyal\par \par \par     Vetvel\tab A Jomkar.  That}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s you!\par \par     Kendra\tab A Klast female\par \par     Gardbore\tab A Frem male\par \par        Wiki\tab A Ripi male\par \par      Locksher\tab A Lokweel male.\par \par          Zubi\tab A Srol female.\par \par  \par    Skordokott\tab A Tayran male.\par \par  \par    nobody\tab Used in answering the question, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 Has anybody betrayed me?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251   Use of this word does not mean that betrayal has not happened, only that the speaker is unaware of any betrayals of the type requested.\par \par  \par       who\tab Used in asking the question, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 Has anybody betrayed me?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  [The actual form is, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 I ask you that who has betrayed me.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 ]  \par \par       greet\tab Required to initiate a conversation with a person.  The speaker must also specify the tone of the greeting.\par \par  say goodbye\tab Required to terminate a conversation with a person.  \par \par      warmly\tab A tone that modifies a greeting.\par \par  \par       nice\tab A tone that modifies a greeting.\par \par   sincere\tab A tone that modifies a greeting.\par  \par       cool\tab A tone that modifies a greeting.\par \par     threatening\tab A tone that modifies a greeting.\par \par  \par       haughty\tab A tone that modifies a greeting.\par \par  \par       formal\tab A tone that modifies a greeting.\par \par  \par    accuse\tab Used to confront a person who has broken a promise or betrayed you, either by making a deal about you or by tattling on you.  A friend will respond to an accusation with an apology.\par \par    tanaga count\tab The amount of tanaga that a person has.  This word is used as part of a deal.\par \par  \par    katsin count\tab The amount of katsin that a person has.  This word is used as part of a deal.\par \par  \par     shial count\tab The amount of shial that a person has.  This word is used as part of a deal.\par \par  \par   offer-reveal\tab The most important verb of the game; you offer to reveal somebody}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s aura-count in return for the other person agreeing to reveal another aura-count.\par \par  \par      beg\tab A followup to a deal-offer that was rejected.  The same deal is offered, but you are imploring the person to accept the deal.  You are appealling to a person}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s friendship with this verb.\par \par  \par   threaten\tab Another followup to a deal-offer that was rejected.  Again, the same deal is offered, but this time you are attempting to intimidate the person into accepting the deal.  There is no specific bad action threatened by this verb, just a general nastiness.\par \par     betray\tab A verb describing either of two acts: revealing something about a person}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s aura-counts in a deal, or telling a third person that the individual in question committed an act of betrayal.  \par \par    go to\tab Go to the house of the person specified as direct object.  This doesn}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t get you into the house; if nobody is home, or there is already another guest there, you will end up waiting outside the door, and can then either wait longer or give up and go elsewhere.\par \par    tanaga-attack\tab Use a tanaga-aura in attacking another acolyte.\par \par    katsin-attack\tab Use a katsin-aura in attacking another acolyte.\par \par    shial-attack\tab Use a shial-aura in attacking another acolyte.\par \par   Vetvel house\tab Vetvel}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s house\par \par  Kendra house\tab Kendra}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s house\par \par  Gardbore house\tab Gardbore}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s house\par \par  Wiki house\tab Wiki}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s house\par \par  Locksher house \tab Locksher}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s house\par \par   Zubi house\tab Zubi}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s house\par \par  Skordokott house\tab Skordokott}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s house\par \par   tanaga\tab tanaga\par \par    katsin\tab katsin\par \par  \par   shial\tab shial\par \par  \par     tell\tab Used to tell another person about a betrayal.\par \par  \par  accept\tab Accept a deal-offer; the deal is automatically consummated\par \par   reject\tab Reject a deal-offer.\par \par       if\tab An intrinsic part of deal-sentences, linking the first party}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s side of the deal with the second party}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s side of the deal.\par \par     ask\tab used to ask somebody if you have been betrayed.  You cannot ask if anybody else has been betrayed, but you or your interlocutor can volunteer such information.\par \par   answer\tab Answer a question.  Only true answers are allowed.  It is possible to answer a question in such a way as to admit guilt.\par \par     that\tab links an ask- or tell- clause with its object-clause.\par \par  won't betray\tab Promise somebody that you will not betray them today.\par \par  won't attack\tab Promise somebody that you will not attack them tonight.\par \par \par      wait\tab Wait for one hour.  If anything happens to you during that time, you will stop waiting and start interacting.  Thus, if you wait outside a person}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 s door, you will stop waiting as soon as they come home or their current guest leaves.\par \par  broke trust bond\tab An accusation that you broke a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 won}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t betray}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  promise\par \par  broke attack bond\tab An accusation that you broke a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 won}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t attack}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251  promise\par \par  \par   how many?\tab An unspecified quantity.  You don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t know how many things.\par \par  \par    zero\tab the number zero.\par \par      one\tab the number one.\par \par     two\tab the number two.\par \par   three\tab the number three\par \par     four\tab the number four\par \par     five\tab the number five\par \par      six\tab the number six\par \par    seven\tab the number seven\par \par    eight\tab the number eight\par \par   say feeling\tab express an emotion; the remaining words in this dictionary are all objects of this verb, that is, emotional expressions that the person can use.\par \par     small talk\tab minor niceties that convey no direct emotion\par \par    flatter\tab butter them up.\par \par   trust\tab declares that you trust the person you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 re talking to.\par \par   fear\tab declares that you fear the person you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 re talking to.\par \par   love\tab declares that you love the person you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 re talking to.\par \par   don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t fear\tab declares that you don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t fear the person you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 re talking to.\par \par   don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t trust\tab declares that you don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t trust the person you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 re talking to.\par \par   don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t love\tab declares that you don}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 t love the person you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid12340952 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid7434251 re talking to.\par \par     forgive\tab This is a response to a nasty action from another person.\par \par    yell at\tab Expresses great anger.\par \par    thanks\tab A nice thing to say after a favor.\par \par    sorry\tab A response to an accusation.  Makes you somewhat beholden to the person to whom you apologize.\par \par    deride\tab Make fun of somebody\par \par Acknowledgements\par \par I labored over a year making this game; many people helped me.  Sandy Schneider, my editor, backed up my riskier decisions and offered a shoulder on which to cry when things seemed hopeless.  Christa Hansen, my consultant on linguistics and psychology, helped with the design of the eeyal-language, the artificial personality, and offered many suggestions on the overall design of the game.  Toni Thompson executed most of the artwork.  There were many playtesters whose complaints and suggestions profoundly influenced the game:  Eric Goldberg, Susan Lee-Merrow, Dave Menconi, Gregg Williams, and Dale and Pam Yocum.  And, as always, my wife Kathy hung in with moral support and solid advice through another trying project.\par \par }{\*\themedata 504b0304140006000800000021001b898e1bfe0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cf6ac3300cc6ef83bd83f175244e77186324e961ed6efb73e81e40384a6296c8c6564bfbf653d216c62885c12e0659d2f7fd2495cbfd38a81dc6e43c557a91175a2159df38ea2afdb979c91eb54a0cd4c0e0092b7dc0a497f5ed4db939044c4aba2955ba670e4fc624dbe30829f7014932ad8f23b084b13301ec177468ee8be2c1584f8cc4194f1aba2e57d8c27660b5decbf79144dab57a3ed64d5695861006678105d44c595397ef021e5d83ea0322bfc128558605017fbe8bfcbad68e9a5fc0996f5b67b1f1763b0a663e4bdefdc5f31548868dffe37c123b035c5856c4215dd9d685094fe7c8a573de68ea5d48670733dfb6fe060000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021009d5c8bbe10070000871d0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6cec594f6f1b4514bf23f11d467b6f13274e9a4475aad8b109b469a3d82dea71bc3bf64e33bbb39a1927f10db547242444411ca8c48d03022ab51297f269024550a47e05deccecae77e271e39400153487d63bfb7b6fdefbbd3ff367af5e3b4e183a2442529e3682dae5c5009134e4114d878de076af73692d4052e134c28ca7a4118c890cae6dbefbce55bca162921004f2a9dcc08d20562adb585890210c63799967248577032e12ace0510c1722818f406fc2169616175717124cd300a53801b5b706031a12d4d32a83cd42799bc163aaa41e0899e86ad5c49130d8e8a0a611722c5b4ca043cc1a01cc13f1a31e39560162582a78d10816cd5fb0b07975016fe4424ccd90adc875cc5f2e970b44074b664e31ec9793d63af5f52bdba57e03606a1ad76eb75bed5aa9cf00701882a7d696aace7a67add62c745640f6e7b4eed6e2ca62ddc557f42f4fd9bcde6c3657d6735bac5203b23feb53f8b5c5d5fad6928337208b5f99c2d79b5badd6aa8337208b5f9dc277aeacafd65dbc01c58ca60753681dd04e27d75e42069ced78e16b005f5bcce113146443995d7a8a014fd5ac5c4bf03d2e3a00d04086154d911a67648043c8e21666b42fa89e006f105c796387423935a4e742321434538de0830c43454cf4bd7cf6ddcb674fd0c9fda727f77f3c79f0e0e4fe0f569123b583d36155eac5379ffef1e823f4fb93af5f3cfcdc8f9755fc2fdf7ffcf34f9ff981503e13739e7ff1f8d7a78f9f7ff9c96fdf3ef4c0b704ee57e13d9a10896e9223b4cf1370ccb0e25a4efae27c12bd18d3aac4563a9438c57a168ffeb68a1df4cd3166d8836b1297c13b02da870ff8dee89e637037162395c7dbf1ec7a9c38c05dce59930b2f0bd7f55c159a7ba374e89f5c8caab87d8c0f7d73b770eac4b73dcaa06f529fca564c1c33f7184e151e929428a4dff103423c7cdda5d4e1759786824b3e50e82e454d4cbd94f468dfc9a689d00e4d202e639f81106f879bdd3ba8c999cfeb6d72e822a12a30f318df23cca1f13d3c5238f1a9ece1845509bf8155ec33b23b166115d7960a223d248ca37644a4f4c9dc12e06f25e8d7a175f8c3becbc6898b148a1ef874dec09c5791dbfca015e324f361bb348dabd8f7e501a428467b5cf9e0bbdcad10fd0c71c0e9cc70dfa1c409f7d9dde0361d3a264d1244bf19091d4b68d54e074e68faaa769c4037ceddb9b8760c0df0f9578f3c99f5a636e22d20c157093ba7daef2cdce9a6dbe222a26f7ecfddc6a3748f409a4f2f3c6f5beedb961bfce75beeac7a9eb7d14e7a2bb45dbdbdb19b62b3454e66ee900794b1ae1a3372439a4db2847522eac0a09633a743529e98b2187ee67dddc10d0536324870f521557137c6196cb06b81563294b9eaa144199770b033c35edd1a0f9b74658f852bfac060fb81c46a97477678590f17e782528d596d86e6f0594cb4ac15cc3bd9f2955c29b8fd3a93d5b45173cf5633a69956e7cc56ba0c319c760d064b3661038260db022cafc2f95c4f0d0713cc48a479b76b6f11161385bf2744b9d7d6911847c486c819aeb05933b12b52c85c10404a7942773e364bd680b4b38d3069313b7fe624b95030215997dda96a6269b5b6588a8e1ac1facad24a80429c3582011c49e1679241d0a4deb26136847b9d50099bb567d6a229d289c7ebfeacaac12dc38c8271ca3813526d6319db189a5779a858aa67b2f62fadd475b25d8c0336515fc38ae53548917fcd0a08b51b5a3218905055835d19d1dcd9c7bc13f29122a21b4747a8cf46621f43f88153ed4f4425dc2c9882d60f700da6d936afdcde9a779aeae593c1d971ccb218e7dd525fa3141567e1a6de4a1bcc53c53cf0cd6bbb71eefcaee88abf2857aa69fc3f73452f0770d05f8e740442b8851518e97a6d045ca8984317ca621a7604acfba67740b6c0552abc06f2e12ed8fc2fc8a1fedfd69cd561ca1ace6b6a9f0e91a0b09ca85810b2076dc964df19ca6af9d26355b25c91c9a88ab932b366f7c921613ddd0357750f0e500ca96eba49de060cee74feb9cf7905f5877a8f52ad37a787944ba7ad817f7ae3628b199c3ab597d0f95bf05f9ae859fdacbc112fd6c8aa23fac56497542faac259fcd6d7f3a95ed3847916e0ca5a6b3bd694c74b2b857110c5698f61b0dccf64705d83f43fb0fe511132fb61412fa83dbe0fbd15c17702cb1f82acbea4bb1a64906e90f6571ff63d76d026935665a9cd773e9ab562b1bee08d6a39ef29b2b565f3c4fb9c64979b28773aa7162f92ec9c61876b3b36936a88ece91285a141710e3181315fa4aa1f8d78ff1e047a1baee747cc7e4692193c993ac8f684c9ae3e8fc6f94f26ed826bb34e9f613492a5fb648068745c9c3f4a266c09d94f19c516d9a0b5984eb45270d97768700573bc16b5ab6529bc74b67029616686965d0a9b1b329f02f89095376e7db403bc6db2d66b5d5c05532cfd2b94cd61bc9f32efc9675ecaec41f195817a0dcad4f1ab29cb9902f2a6130f3e450a0c4793aee9bfb0e8d84c3729bbf927000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00140006000800000021001b898e1bfe0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002f0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000180200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021009d5c8bbe10070000871d00001600000000000000000000000000d50200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000190a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000140b00000000}{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d61696e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax276\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010001000200000010000000584d4c2e5341585265616465722e3500000000000000000000060000d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff5200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f0000000000000000000000006f0238dc30a0ce01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000100010000000000}}