{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg10000\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Cambria;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Cambria;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6894455\rsid10819893}{\mmathPr\mmathFont0\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef0\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mwrapRight0\mintLim0\mnaryLim0}{\info{\operator Chris Crawford}{\creatim\yr2013\mo8\dy23\hr11\min29}{\revtim\yr2013\mo8\dy23\hr11\min29}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages22}{\nofwords3998}{\nofchars22793}{\nofcharsws27991}{\vern33165}{\*\saveprevpict}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect \ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale150\rsidroot6894455 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid6894455\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\insrsid6894455 New Artificial Personality System for Siboot\par April 21\par \par Possible Reactions\tab 3\par He Accepted My Deal-Offer\tab 7\par He Accused Me\tab 8\par He Acquiesced to My Begging\tab 9\par He Acquiesced to My Threat\tab 10\par He Answered My Question\tab 11\par He Asked Me A Question\tab 12\par He Attacked Me\tab 13\par He Begged Me\tab 14\par He Failed To Respond to My Question/Offer\tab 15\par He Gossiped to me\tab 16\par He Offered Me A Deal\tab 18\par He Rejected My Offer\tab 19\par He Threatened Me\tab 20\par He Told Me a Fact about Victim\tab 21\par He Expressed Anger at Me\tab 22\par He Expressed Apology to Me\tab 23\par He Expressed Derision to Me\tab 24\par He Expressed Dislike for Me\tab 25\par He Expressed Distrust in Me\tab 26\par He Expressed Flattery to Me\tab 27\par He Expressed Forgiveness to Me\tab 28\par He Expressed Like for Me\tab 29\par He Expressed Small Talk to Me\tab 30\par He Expressed Thanks to Me\tab 31\par He Expressed Trust in Me\tab 32\par Initiative Options\tab 33\par What to Do When I'm Alone\tab 35\par Results Matrix\tab 36\par This document sets forth the artificial personality system for Siboot.  The following variables are used:\par \par This first group of variables are relationship variables.  They describe the relationship between two characters.  Note, however, that the relationship exists in the mind of the beholder, always the first index.  Thus, it is possible for one character to have much affinity for a character who does not return the feeling.  This can even be true of Dominance.  These values are variable: they are changed by the events of the game.  All these variables lie in the range -127 to +127, with 0 always representing neutrality of feeling.\par \par Affinity[i,j]: \tab the affinity that i feels for j. \par Trust[i,j]: \tab the trust that i has in j.\par Dominance[i,j]: the amount by which i has dominance over j.\par \par The second group of variables are personality constants.  These are intrinsic to the character and do not change during the course of the game.  They are used to control the reactions of the characters to various events in the game.  They are constant from game to game, as they reflect the personalities of the characters.  Thus, a character's personality is defined by this set of numbers.  All of these variables lie in the range 0 to 20, with an average value of 10.\par \par Will[i]:\tab strength of will, willingness to pursue self-interest.\par Temper[i]:\tab proclivity to lose temper\par Moodiness[i]:\tab susceptibility to mood swings; affects Mood[i]\par Gullibility[i]:\tab willingness to believe in the absence of evidence\par Pride[i]:\tab sensitivity to personal challenges\par Nastiness[i]:\tab proclivity to take ugly actions\par \par The third group of variables are moods.  The first mood is a general daily mood.  It lies in the range 0 to 20; an average value is 10 and is always used in conjunction with Nastiness.  The second mood is called DlogMood and concerns the tone of a conversation, again ranging from good to bad, although the range of this number is plus or minus 127.\par \par Mood[i]:\tab short-term version of nastiness.\par DlogMood[i]:\tab conversational tone\par \par Throughout this document, the term "Rndnn" refers to a random number between -n and +n.  I will use it to inject a small amount of randomness into a character's behavior.  Thus, "Rnd32" is a random number between -32 and +32.\par \par .c.Possible Reactions\par \par \tab This page lists all dialogue actions that can generate reactions, and the reactions that are allowed for each action.  If an action doesn't show up here, that's because no reactions are allowed.  I don't bother listing the "ignore" reaction, which is always allowed.\par \par Accept Offer\par \tab Express Thanks\par Accuse\par \tab Express Apologize\par \tab Express Anger\par \tab Express Deride\par \tab Express Like\par Acquiesce to Beg\par \tab Thank\par Acquiesce to Threaten\par \tab Express Derision\par Answer Question\par \tab Express Thanks\par \tab Tell a fact\par \tab Express like\par \tab (if confession:\par \tab      Express Trust\par \tab      Express Distrust)\par Ask Question\par \tab Answer\par \tab Express Anger (if repeated)\par \tab Offer some other piece of information\par Beg\par \tab Acquiesce\par \tab Express Dislike\par \tab Express Deride\par \tab Express Distrust\par \tab Express Anger (if repeated)\par Offer a Deal\par \tab Accept\par \tab CounterOffer\par \tab Reject\par \tab Express Anger (if repeated)\par \tab Express Distrust\par Reject or ignore Offer or question\par \tab Beg\par \tab Threaten\par \tab Express Anger\par Tell Fact\par \tab Express Thanks\par \tab Tell a fact\par \tab (if confession:\par \tab     Express Trust\par \tab     Express Distrust)\par Threaten\par \tab Acquiesce\par \tab Express Anger\par \tab Express Distrust\par \tab Express Dislike\par \par Expressions\par \par Small Talk\par \tab Small Talk\par Flatter\par \tab Flatter\par \tab Distrust\par \tab Thanks\par Trust\par \tab Trust\par \tab Distrust\par Distrust\par \tab Trust\par \tab Distrust\par Like\par \tab Like\par \tab Dislike\par Dislike\par \tab Like \par \tab Dislike\par Forgive\par \tab Thanks\par \tab Flatter\par Anger\par \tab Anger\par \tab Apologize\par \tab Fright\par \tab Leave\par \tab Deride\par Thanks\par \tab Like\par Apologize\par \tab Forgive\par \tab Deride\par Deride\par \tab Anger\par \tab Deride\par \tab Dislike\par Fright\par \tab Apologize\par \tab Like\par (This is the standard format I will use  for defining artificial personality reactions.)\par \par \par His Action\par \par Impact of his action on Affinity[me,him]\par Impact of his action on Trust[me,him]\par Impact of his action on Dominance[me,him ] \par \par Impact of his action on other people's feelings\par \par Reaction #1\par \tab Verbal description of conditions for first response.\par \tab Equations expressing those conditions\par \par Reaction #2\par \tab Verbal description of conditions for second response.\par \tab Equations expressing those conditions\par \par Reaction #3\par \tab Verbal description of conditions for third response.\par \tab Equations expressing those conditions\par \par And so on through all possible reactions...\par .c.He Accepted My Deal-Offer\par \par Affinity[me,him] unchanged;\par Trust[ me,him] := Trust[ me,him] + Gullibility[me];\par Dominance[ me,him ] unchanged\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me]+20;\par \par IF Victim #1 finds out about the deal:\par Affinity[Victim #1,him] := Affinity[ Victim #1,him] - Nastiness[Victim #1];\par Trust[ Victim #1,him] := Trust[ Victim #1,him] - 20;\par Dominance[ Victim #1,him ] := Dominance[ Victim #1,him ] - 2;\par \par IF Victim #2 finds out about the deal:\par Affinity[ Victim #2,me] := Affinity[ Victim #2, me ] - Nastiness[Victim #1];\par Trust[ Victim #2, me ] := Trust[ Victim #2, me ] - 20;\par Dominance[ Victim #2, me ] := Dominance[ Victim #2, me ] - 2;\par \par I thank him\par \tab He really doesn\u213\'cdt like me very much, so I am surprised.\par \tab Affinity[him,me]2-30;\par \par I ignore it\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par .c.He Accused Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] - Pride[me];\par Trust[ me,him] unchanged\par Dominance[ me,him ] := Dominance[me,him] - 4;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me]-12;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I apologize to him\par \tab I like him and/or I am submissive to him.\par \tab Affinity[me,him] - Dominance[me,him] > (Pride[me]  x 5) + Rnd8\par \par I express anger at him\par \tab I am not submissive to him and I don't like him.\par \tab Dominance[me,him] - Affinity[me,him]  + (Pride[me] x 2) +( (Nastiness[me] + \tab            Mood[me]) x 2) > 100 + Rnd16\par \par I express derision to him\par \tab I am dominant over him and I don't like him.\par \tab 2xDominance[me,him] - Affinity[me,him]  + (Pride[me] x 2) +( (Nastiness[me] + \tab            Mood[me]) x 2) > 100 + Rnd16\par \par I express like for him\par \tab I am not submissive to him and I like him.\par \tab Affinity[me,him]>40 AND Dominance[me,him]>0\par \par I ignore it\par \tab None of the above conditions obtain.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Acquiesced to My Begging\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] + 12;\par Trust[ me,him] is unchanged\par Dominance[ me,him ] is unchanged\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me]+8;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I thank him\par \tab It was very nice of him to do so.\par \tab Affinity[him,me] < 40;\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Acquiesced to My Threat\par \par Affinity[me,him] is unchanged\par Trust[ me,him] is unchanged\par Dominance[ me,him ] := Dominance[me,him] + 8;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] + 8;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I express derision to him\par \tab I am very dominant over him.\par \tab Dominance[me,him]>60;\par \par I ignore it\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par \par .c.He Answered My Question\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] + 8;\par Trust[ me,him] := Trust[me,him]+4;\par Dominance[ me,him ] :=Dominance[me,him]+2;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] + 8;\par \par IF Victim finds out about the event:\par Affinity[Victim,him] := Affinity[ Victim,him] - Nastiness[Victim];\par Trust[ Victim,him] := Trust[ Victim,him] - 20;\par Dominance[ Victim,him ] := Dominance[ Victim,him ] - 2;\par \par I Tell him a fact\par \tab I have a fact to tell and the DlogMood is good and I trust him and I don\u213\'cdt like the victim.\par \tab Affinity[me,him] + DlogMood[me] - (Dominance[me,him] div 4) > Affinity[me,tattlee] - (Dominance[me,tattlee] div 4) + 60 + Rnd16\par \par I Express Thanks\par \tab I didn\u213\'cdt expect him to answer the question.\par \tab Affinity[him,me]<-30\par \par I Express Like for him\par \tab I like him and the mood is good.\par \tab Affinity[me,him]>40 AND DlogMood[Me]>40\par \par I Express Trust in him\par \tab I trust him and the mood is good\par \tab Trust[me,him]>40 AND DlogMood[Me]>40\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par .c.He Asked Me A Question\par \par Affinity[me,him] unchanged;\par Trust[ me,him] unchanged\par Dominance[ me,him ] unchanged\par DlogMood[me] unchanged;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I answer his question\par \tab I like him and/or I am very submissive to him, and I don't like and am not submissive to the person on whom I would be tattling.\par \tab Affinity[me,him] + Trust[me,him] + DlogMood[me] - (Dominance[me,him] div 4) > Affinity[me,tattlee] - (Dominance[me,tattlee] div 4) + 120 + Rnd16\par \par I express anger at him\par \tab He has asked me this question one or more times before and I am getting irritated.\par \tab DlogHist[Him, any_event, allterms] = LastSntc[Him, allterms]\par AND (Nastiness[me] + Mood[me]) > Rnd32\par \par I tell him some other fact\par \tab I am unwilling to answer his question but I do trust him.\par \tab Code falls through to this point and Trust[me,him] + DlogMood[me] > 90\par \par I ignore it\par \tab None of the above conditions obtain.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Attacked Me\par \par Affinity[me,him] := Affinity[me,him] - 9;\par Trust[ me,him] is unchanged\par Dominance[ me,him ] unchanged\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Begged Me\par \par Affinity[me,him] unchanged;\par Trust[ me,him] unchanged\par Dominance[ me,him ] := Dominance[ me,him ] + 6;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] - 8;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I acquiesce to his begging\par \tab I use the same considerations for the original act, tweaked by the amount by which I like him.\par IF LastSntc[Him,VerbA] = WReveal THEN\par    Acquiesce =((Trust[me,him]+DlogMood[me]+(Affinity[me,him] div 4)) > 125+Rnd16)\par \tab      AND (Affinity[me,Victim1] < (Rnd32 + (Affinity[me,him] div 4))\par \tab      AND (Affinity[me,Victim2] < (Rnd32 + (Affinity[me,him] div 4));\par \tab IF LastSntc[him,VerbA] = WAsk THEN\par \tab   Acquiesce = (Affinity[me,him] + Trust[me,him] - (Dominance[me,him] div 8) + DlogMood[me] > Affinity[me,tattlee] - (Dominance[me,tattlee] div 4) + 120 + Rnd8);\par \par I express anger at him\par \tab He did this same thing one or more times before and I am getting irritated.\par \tab DlogHist[Him, any_event, allterms] = LastSntc[Him, allterms]\par AND (Nastiness[me] + Mood[me]) > Rnd32\par \par I express derision at him\par \tab I am dominant over him and I don\u213\'cdt like him\par \tab Dominance[me,him] > 40 AND Affinity[me,him] < -40\par \par I express dislike for him\par \tab I just don\u213\'cdt like him!\par \tab Affinity[me,him] < -40\par \par I express distrust in him\par \tab I just don\u213\'cdt trust him!\par \tab Trust[me,him] < -40\par \par I ignore it\par \tab None of the above conditions obtain.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par .c.He Failed To Respond to My Question/Offer\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] - 4;\par Trust[ me,him] unchanged\par Dominance[ me,him ] := Dominance[ me,him ] - 2;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] - 8;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I beg him\par \tab I like him and/or I am submissive to him.\par \tab Affinity[me,him] - Dominance[me,him] + (Will[me] x 2) > (Pride[me] x 5) +Rnd16\par \par I threaten him\par \tab I am dominant over him.\par \tab Dominance[me,him] + (Will[me] x 4)  > 50 + Rnd16\par \par I express anger at him\par \tab I am not submissive to him and I don't like him.\par \tab Dominance[me,him] - Affinity[me,him] +( (Temper[me] + Nastiness[me] + \tab     Mood[me]) x 2)  > 100 +Rnd32\par \par I ignore it\par \tab None of the above conditions obtain.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Gossiped to me\par \par \tab This is complex.  Before I can calculate anything I must computer the reliability index (RI).  This is a measure of just how much I find the gossiped information reliable.  I compare the information provided with my knowledge of history.  In the case of affinity-gossip, I compare the speaker\u213\'cds statement with any past acts of betrayal of which I know; the number of corroborating statements I find minus the number of contradicting statements I find is the reliability index.  In the case of statements of trust/distrust, the reliability index is compiled from acts of betrayal by the gossipee against the speaker.  Again, the number of corroborating statements minus the number of contradicting statements is the reliability index.  In both cases, there is a null case arising from the fact that there can be no corroborating statements for the statements \u210\'f1I like so-and-so\u211\'ee and \u210\'f1I trust so-and-so\u211\'ee \u209\'84 the history records are negative.  Therefore, these null cases are additionally biased by the addition of the number of days elapsed since the beginning of the game, the presumption being that there is an expection of one betrayal per person per day.\par \par Affinity[me,him] unchanged;\par Trust[ me,him]:=Trust[me,him]+4*Sgn(RI);\par Dominance[ me,him ] unchanged\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] + 2;\par \par IF RI>0 THEN\par  \tab IF (gossip was affinity) \par \tab \tab THEN Affinity[me,gossipee]:=Affinity[me,gossipee]-Affinity[me,him] div 16;\par \tab IF (gossip was trust)\par \tab \tab THEN Trust[me,gossipee]:=Trust[me,gossipee]-8;\par \par I tell him a corroborating fact\par \tab I believe him and have a fact to tell.\par \tab RI>0\par \par I echo his gossip\par \tab I don\u213\'cdt have a corroborating fact to tell, but I believe him.\par \tab RI>0\par \par I tell him a contradictory fact\par \tab I do not believe him and I have a fact to tell\par \tab RI<0\par \par I contradict his gossip\par \tab I do not believe him but I have no fact to tell\par \tab RI<0\par \par I ignore it\par \tab None of the above conditions obtain.\par \tab Code falls through to this point or RI=0\par \par .c.He Offered Me A Deal\par \par Affinity[me,him] := Affinity[me,him] + 8;\par Trust[ me,him] := Trust[me,him] + 8;\par Dominance[ me,him ] unchanged\par DlogMood[me] unchanged;\par \par I accept his offer\par \tab I trust him and I dislike both of the people betrayed by this deal.\par \tab Trust[me,him] + DlogMood[me] > 120 + Rnd16\par \tab   AND Affinity[me,Victim1] < Rnd32\par \tab   AND Affinity[me,Victim2] < Rnd32\par \par I make a counteroffer replacing one of the victims\par \tab I trust him but I like one of the two people betrayed by this offer.\par \tab Trust[me,him] + DlogMood[me] > 120 + Rnd32\par \tab  AND (Affinity[me, Victim1] > Rnd32  OR  Affinity[me,Victim2] > Rnd32)\par \par I reject his offer\par \tab I definitely do not trust him or I like both of the people betrayed by this offer.\par \tab Trust[me,him] + DlogMood[me] < Rnd32 - 10 \par  \tab    OR  (Affinity[me, Victim1] > Rnd32  AND  Affinity[me,Victim2] > Rnd32)\par \par I express anger at him\par \tab He did this same thing one or more times before and I am getting irritated.\par \tab DlogHist[Him, any_event, allterms] = LastSntc[Him, allterms]\par AND (Nastiness[me] + Mood[me]) > Rnd32\par \par I express distrust in him\par \tab I don\u213\'cdt trust him.\par \tab Trust[me,him]<-40\par \par I ignore it\par \tab None of the above conditions obtain.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par \par .c.He Rejected My Offer\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] - 8;\par Trust[ me,him] unchanged\par Dominance[ me,him ] :=Dominance[me,him] - 4;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] - 20;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I beg him\par \tab I like him and/or I am submissive to him.\par \tab Affinity[me,him] - Dominance[me,him] + (Will[me] x 2) > (Pride[me] x 7) +Rnd16\par \par I threaten him\par \tab I am dominant over him.\par \tab Dominance[me,him] + (Will[me] x 4)  > 70 + Rnd16\par \par I express anger at him\par \tab I am not submissive to him and I don't like him.\par \tab Dominance[me,him] - Affinity[me,him] +( (Temper[me] + Nastiness[me] + \tab     Mood[me]) x 2)  > 60 +Rnd32\par \par I ignore it\par \tab None of the above conditions obtain.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Threatened Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] - 6;\par Trust[ me,him] unchanged\par Dominance[ me,him ] := Dominance[ me,him ] - 8;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] - 12;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I express anger at him\par \tab I am not submissive to him and I don't like him.\par \tab Dominance[me,him] - Affinity[me,him] +( (Temper[me] + Nastiness[me] + \tab     Mood[me]) x 2)  > 100 +Rnd32\par \par I express distrust in him\par \tab I am not submissive to him and I don't trust him.\par \tab Dominance[me,him] - Trust[me,him] +( (Temper[me] + Nastiness[me] + \tab     Mood[me]) x 2)  > 100 +Rnd32\par \par I express dislike for him\par \tab I don't like him.\par \tab Affinity[me,him] < -40\par \par I acquiesce to his demand\par \tab I use the same considerations for the original act, tweaked by the amount by which I am submissive to him.\par IF LastSntc[Him,VerbA] = WReveal THEN\par     Acquiesce = ((Trust[me,him] + DlogMood[me] - Dominance[me,him]) > 70 + Rnd32)\par \tab      AND (Affinity[me,Victim1] < Rnd32 - (Dominance [me,him] div 4))\par \tab      AND (Affinity[me,Victim2] < Rnd32 - (Dominance [me,him] div 4));\par \tab IF LastSntc[him,VerbA] = WAsk THEN\par \tab   Acquiesce = (Affinity[me,him] +Trust[me,him] + DlogMood[me] - Dominance[me,him] > Affinity[me,tattlee] - (Dominance[me,tattlee] div 4) + 120 + Rnd8);\par \par \par I ignore it\par \tab None of the above conditions obtain.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Told Me a Fact about Victim\par \par Affinity[me,him] := Affinity[me,him] + 8;\par Trust[ me,him] := Trust[ me,him] - 4;\par Dominance[ me,him ] := Dominance[me,him] + 2;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] + 8;\par \par If Victim discovers the betrayal:\par Affinity[Victim,him] := Affinity[ Victim,him] - Nastiness[Victim];\par Trust[ Victim,him] := Trust[ Victim,him] - 20;\par Dominance[ Victim,him ] := Dominance[Victim,him] - 2;\par \par I tell him a fact\par \tab I trust him and my dlogmood is good\par \tab Affinity[me,him] + Trust[me,him] + DlogMood[me] - (Dominance[me,him] div 4) > Affinity[me,tattlee] - (Dominance[me,tattlee] div 4) + 100 + Rnd16\par \par I express thanks\par \tab I did not expect this\par \tab Affinity[him,me]<-40\par \par I express trust or distrust\par \tab He confessed to his own act of betrayal\par \tab IF Trust[me,him]>40 THEN Express Trust\par \tab IF Trust[me,him]<-40 THEN Express Distrust\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reaction is expected.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Expressed Anger at Me\par \par Affinity[me,him] := Affinity[me,him] - (Pride[me] div 2);\par Trust[ me,him] has no change.\par Dominance[ me,him ] := Dominance[me,him] - 2;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] - 16;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I express anger back at him\par \tab I don't like him; I'm in a bad mood; I am proud, temperatmental, active, and nasty; and I am not submissive to him.\par \tab -Affinity[me,him] - (Mood[me] div 2) + (Pride[me] div 4) + Temper[me] + (Active[me] div 2) + (Nasty[me] div 2) + (Dominance[me,him] div 4) > 50 + Rnd16\par \par I express apologies to him\par \tab I like him; I'm in a good mood; I am not proud, temperamental, active, or nasty; and I am submissive to him (these are the opposite conditions of those above)\par \tab -Affinity[me,him] - (Mood[me] div 2) + (Pride[me] div 4) + Temper[me] + (Active[me] div 2) + (Nasty[me] div 2) + (Dominance[me,him] div 4) < -50 + Rnd16\par \par I express fright to him\par \tab I am very submissive to him\par \tab Dominance[me,him] < -50 \par \par I express derision to him\par \tab I am very dominant to him\par \tab Dominance[me,him] > 50\par \par I leave or ask him to leave\par \tab We've been yelling back and forth at each other for more than two cycles.\par \tab DlogHist[me,DlogIndx[me],2] = WYell   AND\par \tab DlogHist[me,DlogIndx[me]-1,2] = WYell   AND\par \tab DlogHist[him,DlogIndx[him],2] = WYell   AND\par \tab DlogHist[him,DlogIndx[him]-1,2] = WYell  \par \par I ignore it\par \tab Neither of the above conditions applies.\par \tab If it falls through to here.\par .c.He Expressed Apology to Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] + 8;\par Trust[ me,him] := Trust[ me, him] + Gullibility[me];\par Dominance[ me,him ]:=Dominance[me,him] + 8;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] + 8;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I forgive him\par \tab I like him\par \tab Affinity[me,him]>40\par \par I deride him\par \tab I am dominant over him and don\u213\'cdt like him\par \tab Dominance[me,him]>40 AND Affinity[me,him]<-40\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Expressed Derision to Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] - Pride[me] div 2;\par Trust[ me,him] unchanged;\par Dominance[ me,him ]:=Dominance[me,him] + Pride[me] - 20;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] - 6;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I express anger at him\par \tab I am proud and don\u213\'cdt like him\par \tab 5xPride[me] - Affinity[me,him] > 50\par \par I express derision to him\par \tab I am dominant over him and don\u213\'cdt like him\par \tab Dominance[me,him]>40 AND Affinity[me,him]<-40\par \par I express dislike for him\par \tab I don\u213\'cdt like him\par \tab Affinity[me,him]<-40\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Expressed Dislike for Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] - 10;\par Trust[ me,him] unchanged;\par Dominance[ me,him ] unchanged;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] - 6;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I express like for him\par \tab I like him a lot\par \tab Affinity[me,him] > 80\par \par I express dislike for him\par \tab I don\u213\'cdt like him\par \tab Affinity[me,him] < -20\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Expressed Distrust in Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] - 4;\par Trust[ me,him] := Trust[ me, him] - 8;\par Dominance[ me,him ]:=Dominance[me,him] + 4;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] - 6;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I express trust in him\par \tab I trust him\par \tab Trust[me,him]>40\par \par I express distrust in him\par \tab I don\u213\'cdt trust him and don\u213\'cdt like him\par \tab Trust[me,him] < -40 AND Affinity[me,him]<0\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Expressed Flattery to Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] + Pride[me] div 2;\par Trust[ me,him] := Trust[ me, him] - 4;\par Dominance[ me,him ]:=Dominance[me,him] + 4;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] + 8;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I thank him\par \tab I don\u213\'cdt like him that much????\par \tab Affinity[me,him] < -40 AND Trust[me,him] > 40\par \par I express distrust in him\par \tab I don\u213\'cdt trust him and I don\u213\'cdt like him\par \tab Trust[me,him] < -40 AND Affinity[me,him]<-40\par \par I flatter him\par \tab I like him\par \tab Affinity[me,him]>40\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Expressed Forgiveness to Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] + 8;\par Trust[ me,him] := Trust[ me, him] + Gullibility[me];\par Dominance[ me,him ] unchanged;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] + 8;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I thank him\par \tab I like him\par \tab Affinity[me,him] > 0\par \par I flatter him\par \tab I am submissive to him\par \tab Dominance[me,him]  < -40\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Expressed Like for Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] + 10;\par Trust[ me,him] unchanged;\par Dominance[ me,him ] unchanged;\par DlogMood[me]:=DlogMood[me] + 6;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I express like for him\par \tab I like him\par \tab Affinity[me,him]>40\par \par I express dislike for him\par \tab I don\u213\'cdt like him\par \tab Affinity[me,him] < -40\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Expressed Small Talk to Me\par \par Affinity[me,him] unchanged;\par Trust[ me,him]  unchanged;\par Dominance[ me,him ] unchanged;\par DlogMood[Him]:=DlogMood[Him]+2;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I express small talk back to him\par \tab DlogMood is moderate and this hasn\u213\'cdt gone on too long\par \tab DlogMood[me]>0 AND DlogMood[me]<40\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Expressed Thanks to Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] + 4;\par Trust[ me,him] unchanged;\par Dominance[ me,him ] unchanged;\par DlogMood[Him]:=DlogMood[Him]+6;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I express like for him\par \tab I like him\par \tab Affinity[me,him] > 40\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.He Expressed Trust in Me\par \par Affinity[me,him]:=Affinity[me,him] + 4;\par Trust[ me,him] := Trust[ me, him] + Gullibility[me];\par Dominance[ me,him ]:=Dominance[me,him] + 4;\par DlogMood[Him]:=DlogMood[Him]+6;\par \par No impact on third party feelings\par \par I express trust in him\par \tab I trust him\par \tab Trust[me,him]>40\par \par I express distrust in him\par \tab I don\u213\'cdt trust him\par \tab Trust[me,him] < -40 AND Affinity[me,him]<0\par \par I ignore it\par \tab No reactions are possible.\par \tab Code falls through to this point.\par \par .c.Initiative Options\par \par \tab These options are used when the character has the initiative, i.e., he has just entered the room and initiated a conversation, or he has chosen to ignore the previous action of the other character.  The task before me is to define the conditions under which each of these actions will be taken.  These options will be examined in the order given here, so that the last option will only be considered if none of the preceding options are taken.\par \par I offer him a deal\par \tab I trust him; I don't like the person I propose to betray or the person I propose that he betray;  it\u213\'cds a sound deal (each of us knows what we offer and doesn\u213\'cdt know what we will get); and I have not offered this deal before and had it rejected.\par \tab Trust[me,him] > Rnd16\par \tab AND  DlogMood[me] >  80  \par \tab AND  Affinity[me,Victim1] < Rnd16\par \tab AND  Affinity[me,Victim2] < Rnd16\par  \tab AND AuraCnt[ x, Victim1, me] >= 0\par  \tab AND AuraCnt[ x, Victim1, him] < 0\par  \tab AND AuraCnt[ x, Victim2, me] < 0\par  \tab AND AuraCnt[ x, Victim2, him] >= 0\par \tab AND DlogHist[me,anyindex,any_sentence_part] \endash  this_sentence_part\par \par I ask him a question\par \tab I\u213\'cdm just curious and wonder if perhaps he might be willing to answer my question and I haven't already asked this question.\par \tab Rnd16  > 4 AND DlogHist[me,anyindex,6] \endash  this verb\par \par I tell him a fact\par \tab I trust him a little; I don't like the person on whom I will tattle.\par \tab Affinity[me,him] + Trust[me,him] + DlogMood[me] - (Dominance[me,him] div 4) > Affinity[me,tattlee] - (Dominance[me,tattlee] div 4) + 120 + Rnd16\par \par I accuse him\par \tab I know that he betrayed me and I have not yet accused him for the act.\par \tab HstWrd1H^^[anyindex] = him  AND HstWrd2H^^[anyindex] = anybetrayal\par \tab AND  HstWrd3^^[anyindex] = me  AND HstKnow[anyindex, me]  \par \tab AND  NOT HstKnow[anyindex, 8] \par \tab AND DlogMood[me] < 20\par \par I express small talk to him\par \tab Code falls through to here and I\u213\'cdve not said much.\par \tab DlogIndx[me] < Abs(Rnd2)+1\par \par I say goodbye to him\par \tab I have nothing better to do with him and he is in my home.\par \tab CharLocn[ me ] = me OR DlogMood[me] < 0\par \par  .c.What to Do When I'm Alone\par \par \tab The previous material covers only the handling of dialogue, not the matters related to solitude, such as moving around, combat, meditating and so forth.  These are more mechanical in style.  This section lays out the handling of such decisions.\par \par It's Evening (between 8:00 and 9:00 PM)\par \tab Go Home\par \par It's Night (between 9:00 PM and 8:00 AM)\par \tab Attack somebody (this logic is already in place)\par \par It's DayTime (between 8:00 AM and 8:00 PM)\par \tab I'm at someone else's home\par \tab \tab Pursue Dialog until I leave or am kicked out, then go home\par \par \tab I'm waiting to enter somebody's home\par \tab \tab IF Rnd16 > 4 THEN Go Home, ELSE Wait some more\par \par \tab I'm at home\par \tab \tab I'm not alone\par \tab \tab \tab Pursue dialog until I ask him to leave or he leaves\par \tab \tab I'm alone\par \tab \tab \tab Rnd16 > 0\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Wait\par \tab \tab \tab Otherwise\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Go somewhere\par .c.Results Matrix\par \par \tab This page presents a summary of the events results given in previous pages.  The single letters represent the various personality variables; you\u213\'cdll need to do a little guesswork to figure them out.\par \par Event Description\tab Affinity[j,i]\tab Trust[j,i]\tab Domince[j,i]\tab DlogMood[j]\par \tab (Affinity[k,i])\tab (Trust[k,i])\tab (Domince[k,i])\par \par i accepts j's deal offer\tab  +0\tab +G[j] \tab 0\tab +20\par    (if k finds out)\tab (-N[k])\tab (-20)\tab (-2)\par \par \par i accuses j\tab -P[j]\tab 0\tab -4\tab -12\par \par i acquiesces to j's beg\tab +12\tab 0\tab 0\tab +8\par \par i acquiesces to j's threat\tab   0\tab 0\tab +8\tab +4\par \par i answers j's question\tab +8\tab 4\tab 2\tab +12\par    (if k finds out)\tab (-N[k])\tab (-20)\tab (-2)\par \par i apologizes to j\tab +4\tab +G[j]\tab +8\tab +8\par \par i asks j a question\tab 0\tab 0\tab 0\tab 0\par \par i attacks j\tab -9\tab 0\tab 0\tab N/A\par \par i begs j\tab 0\tab 0\tab +6\tab -8\par \par i offers j a deal\tab +2\tab +2\tab 0\tab 0\par \par i fails to answer\tab -4\tab 0\tab -2\tab -8\par         j's question\par \par i rejects j's deal \tab -8\tab 0\tab -4\tab -20\par \par i tells on k to j\tab +8\tab -4\tab +2\tab +8\par    (if k finds out)\tab (-N[k])\tab (-20)\tab (-2)\par \par i threatens j\tab -6\tab 0\tab -8\tab -12\par \par i expresses anger at j\tab -P[j]/2\tab 0\tab -2\tab -16\par \par i expresses apologies to j\tab +4\tab 0\tab +8\tab +8\par \par i expresses flattery to j\tab +P[j]/2\tab -4\tab +4\tab +8\par \par i expresses trust to j\tab +4\tab +G[j]\tab +4\tab +6\par \par i expresses distrust to j\tab -4\tab -8\tab +4\tab -6\par \par i expresses like to j\tab +10\tab 0\tab 0\tab +6\par \par i expresses dislike to j\tab -10\tab 0\tab 0\tab -6\par \par i expresses forgive to j\tab +8\tab +G\tab 0\tab +8\par \par i expresses thanks to j\tab +4\tab 0\tab 0\tab +6\par \par i expresses derision to j\tab -P[j]/2\tab 0\tab P[j]-20\tab -6\par \par \par }{\*\themedata 504b0304140006000800000021001b898e1bfe0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cf6ac3300cc6ef83bd83f175244e77186324e961ed6efb73e81e40384a6296c8c6564bfbf653d216c62885c12e0659d2f7fd2495cbfd38a81dc6e43c557a91175a2159df38ea2afdb979c91eb54a0cd4c0e0092b7dc0a497f5ed4db939044c4aba2955ba670e4fc624dbe30829f7014932ad8f23b084b13301ec177468ee8be2c1584f8cc4194f1aba2e57d8c27660b5decbf79144dab57a3ed64d5695861006678105d44c595397ef021e5d83ea0322bfc128558605017fbe8bfcbad68e9a5fc0996f5b67b1f1763b0a663e4bdefdc5f31548868dffe37c123b035c5856c4215dd9d685094fe7c8a573de68ea5d48670733dfb6fe060000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021009d5c8bbe10070000871d0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6cec594f6f1b4514bf23f11d467b6f13274e9a4475aad8b109b469a3d82dea71bc3bf64e33bbb39a1927f10db547242444411ca8c48d03022ab51297f269024550a47e05deccecae77e271e39400153487d63bfb7b6fdefbbd3ff367af5e3b4e183a2442529e3682dae5c5009134e4114d878de076af73692d4052e134c28ca7a4118c890cae6dbefbce55bca162921004f2a9dcc08d20562adb585890210c63799967248577032e12ace0510c1722818f406fc2169616175717124cd300a53801b5b706031a12d4d32a83cd42799bc163aaa41e0899e86ad5c49130d8e8a0a611722c5b4ca043cc1a01cc13f1a31e39560162582a78d10816cd5fb0b07975016fe4424ccd90adc875cc5f2e970b44074b664e31ec9793d63af5f52bdba57e03606a1ad76eb75bed5aa9cf00701882a7d696aace7a67add62c745640f6e7b4eed6e2ca62ddc557f42f4fd9bcde6c3657d6735bac5203b23feb53f8b5c5d5fad6928337208b5f99c2d79b5badd6aa8337208b5f9dc277aeacafd65dbc01c58ca60753681dd04e27d75e42069ced78e16b005f5bcce113146443995d7a8a014fd5ac5c4bf03d2e3a00d04086154d911a67648043c8e21666b42fa89e006f105c796387423935a4e742321434538de0830c43454cf4bd7cf6ddcb674fd0c9fda727f77f3c79f0e0e4fe0f569123b583d36155eac5379ffef1e823f4fb93af5f3cfcdc8f9755fc2fdf7ffcf34f9ff981503e13739e7ff1f8d7a78f9f7ff9c96fdf3ef4c0b704ee57e13d9a10896e9223b4cf1370ccb0e25a4efae27c12bd18d3aac4563a9438c57a168ffeb68a1df4cd3166d8836b1297c13b02da870ff8dee89e637037162395c7dbf1ec7a9c38c05dce59930b2f0bd7f55c159a7ba374e89f5c8caab87d8c0f7d73b770eac4b73dcaa06f529fca564c1c33f7184e151e929428a4dff103423c7cdda5d4e1759786824b3e50e82e454d4cbd94f468dfc9a689d00e4d202e639f81106f879bdd3ba8c999cfeb6d72e822a12a30f318df23cca1f13d3c5238f1a9ece1845509bf8155ec33b23b166115d7960a223d248ca37644a4f4c9dc12e06f25e8d7a175f8c3becbc6898b148a1ef874dec09c5791dbfca015e324f361bb348dabd8f7e501a428467b5cf9e0bbdcad10fd0c71c0e9cc70dfa1c409f7d9dde0361d3a264d1244bf19091d4b68d54e074e68faaa769c4037ceddb9b8760c0df0f9578f3c99f5a636e22d20c157093ba7daef2cdce9a6dbe222a26f7ecfddc6a3748f409a4f2f3c6f5beedb961bfce75beeac7a9eb7d14e7a2bb45dbdbdb19b62b3454e66ee900794b1ae1a3372439a4db2847522eac0a09633a743529e98b2187ee67dddc10d0536324870f521557137c6196cb06b81563294b9eaa144199770b033c35edd1a0f9b74658f852bfac060fb81c46a97477678590f17e782528d596d86e6f0594cb4ac15cc3bd9f2955c29b8fd3a93d5b45173cf5633a69956e7cc56ba0c319c760d064b3661038260db022cafc2f95c4f0d0713cc48a479b76b6f11161385bf2744b9d7d6911847c486c819aeb05933b12b52c85c10404a7942773e364bd680b4b38d3069313b7fe624b95030215997dda96a6269b5b6588a8e1ac1facad24a80429c3582011c49e1679241d0a4deb26136847b9d50099bb567d6a229d289c7ebfeacaac12dc38c8271ca3813526d6319db189a5779a858aa67b2f62fadd475b25d8c0336515fc38ae53548917fcd0a08b51b5a3218905055835d19d1dcd9c7bc13f29122a21b4747a8cf46621f43f88153ed4f4425dc2c9882d60f700da6d936afdcde9a779aeae593c1d971ccb218e7dd525fa3141567e1a6de4a1bcc53c53cf0cd6bbb71eefcaee88abf2857aa69fc3f73452f0770d05f8e740442b8851518e97a6d045ca8984317ca621a7604acfba67740b6c0552abc06f2e12ed8fc2fc8a1fedfd69cd561ca1ace6b6a9f0e91a0b09ca85810b2076dc964df19ca6af9d26355b25c91c9a88ab932b366f7c921613ddd0357750f0e500ca96eba49de060cee74feb9cf7905f5877a8f52ad37a787944ba7ad817f7ae3628b199c3ab597d0f95bf05f9ae859fdacbc112fd6c8aa23fac56497542faac259fcd6d7f3a95ed3847916e0ca5a6b3bd694c74b2b857110c5698f61b0dccf64705d83f43fb0fe511132fb61412fa83dbe0fbd15c17702cb1f82acbea4bb1a64906e90f6571ff63d76d026935665a9cd773e9ab562b1bee08d6a39ef29b2b565f3c4fb9c64979b28773aa7162f92ec9c61876b3b36936a88ece91285a141710e3181315fa4aa1f8d78ff1e047a1baee747cc7e4692193c993ac8f684c9ae3e8fc6f94f26ed826bb34e9f613492a5fb648068745c9c3f4a266c09d94f19c516d9a0b5984eb45270d97768700573bc16b5ab6529bc74b67029616686965d0a9b1b329f02f89095376e7db403bc6db2d66b5d5c05532cfd2b94cd61bc9f32efc9675ecaec41f195817a0dcad4f1ab29cb9902f2a6130f3e450a0c4793aee9bfb0e8d84c3729bbf927000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00140006000800000021001b898e1bfe0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002f0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000180200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021009d5c8bbe10070000871d00001600000000000000000000000000d50200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000190a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000140b00000000}{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d61696e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax276\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010001000200000010000000584d4c2e5341585265616465722e3500000000000000000000060000d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff5200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f0000000000000000000000002ea296a92ea0ce01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000100010000000000}}